In preaching the Kingdom
and teaching the truth,
Our Lord showed us
how to proceed:
‘Search out those deserving
and ready to hear,
‘Those aware
of their spiritual need.
‘By greeting the household
and wishing it peace,
‘Then it may be
that peace you’ll impart.
‘But when they refuse you
or turn you away,
Shake the dust
from your feet and depart.’
All those who receive you
receive him as well,
Respond when their heart
opens wide.
Their right disposition
for unending life
Will impel them
to serve at your side.
And never be anxious
about what to say,
For Jehovah
will help you to speak.
Your answer when gracious
and seasoned with salt
Will appeal
to the humble and meek.